README (#13)
oda-hub/renku-graph-vis: README.md

## `display` command

> The plugin is currently developed using version `2.7.0` of renku-python. Please ensure that this version is installed by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is currently developed using version `2.7.0` of renku-python. Please ensure that a  compatible version (starting with `2` and at least `2.7`) is installed by running:
```

Author: mmmm but within the setup we want renku version to be at least `2.7` ?

Reviewer: so it is the same as I wrote?
